welcome to certified jewelry up for
auction today is this extremely rare GI
a certified 4.33 carat virtually
flawless unheated red spinel and diamond
cocktail ring it is a genuine vintage
ring from a Newport Beach estate
collection this is by far one of the
best unheated red spinel gemstones
available it is an extremely valuable
gem the center stone weighs in at a
large 3.81 carrots with near-flawless
vvs clarity it also displays a beautiful
vivid reddish orange color take a close
look at the extraordinary gem and know
the amazing healthy glow of color the
top quality estate ring is certified
authentic with a genuine GI a certified
red spinel and beautiful white accent
diamonds it's set with 42 near colorless
perfectly clear and I clean natural
diamonds that total point 5 2 carats the
clarity of these diamonds are BS 12 SI
one with g2h color and are mounted into
solid 14 karat white gold offering
excellent brilliance flash sparkle and
fire as you can clearly see here in this
video the highly collectible ring comes
to us from a prominent Newport Beach
California consignor was liquidating a
two-million-dollar lifetime jewelry
collection the collection consists of
incredible hard to find top quality
items due to difficult personal and
financial times our consignor contracted
with us to liquidate her collection here
on ebay near flawless unheated red
spinel zuv this quality are definitely a
rare find the red spinel was recently
evaluated by GI a which is the world's
foremost authority in gemology
and the report will be included for the
winning bidder in today's market this
ring is easily worth over nine thousand
dollars retail and our consigner is
hopeful to recover at least six thousand
five hundred dollars so please make your
best bid our dumala gist checked and
verified every aspect of the ring and
has confirmed that it is a genuine
unheated red spinel surrounded by one
hundred percent natural accent diamonds
and the setting is solid 14 karat white
gold included with the item are both the
GI a certification and a certified
jewelry certification that documents the
authenticity quality and overall
characteristics of the ring with an
estimated insurance replacement value of
eleven thousand and fifty four dollars
the total ring ways is strong and sturdy
five point three six grams the solid 14
karat gold in a lady size seven and
one-half it is an absolute mint
condition and a fine example of a
top-grade ring the beauty is going to be
auctioned off on ebay at one dollar no
reserve due to the urgency and timeframe
are consignor needs to liquidate this
asset near flawless unheated red spinel
czar considered among the rarest of
precious gemstones even more rare is to
have both the vvs clarity and the
beautiful vivid color it is by far the
best you'll find auctioned at one dollar
no reserve this is the real deal so
don't miss out on your chance to own
this prized vintage treasure to learn
more about how this collection came to
us please view the next video which
you'll find towards the bottom of this
page good luck and happy bidding